everyone in this tutorial I'm going to
show you how to recreate this easy cute
Halloween clown look I teamed up with my
costumes calm to put out a tutorial
every day this week for you guys from
Monday through Friday the costume I'm
wearing in this tutorial is the to tool
the clown of dog costume with the circus
sweetie lollipop wig please look in the
description box for a direct link to buy
costumes calm to check out this costume
and plenty more well I hope you guys
enjoyed this tutorial and I will see you
all tomorrow with another tutorial
please give this video a thumbs up and I
promise to pie someone else in the face
now let's begin I'm starting up a look
by using a white greasepaint for my
makeup forever flash palette I apply
that up to my forehead and bring it down
to the tip of my nose this will act as
an eye shadow base for the eyeshadows I
will be applying and also just add a
tint of that white clown makeup lots of
clowns where a good alternative to this
Greece pain is like makes jumbo pencil
and milk or even a white face paint now
I'm gonna start applying eyeshadows to
my face
the first eyeshadow I apply is a happy
eyes shadow and I use that to contour my
cheekbones and then directly above it I
apply a hot pink eyeshadow and just
blend that in then around the temple I
blend in a creamsicle orange eye shadow
so it's kind of like a pastel Orange and
then right above the forehead just
around the edge of it I blend in a
yellow eye shadow and then I go back
with a purple eye shadow and use that to
really define my cheekbone and then I
apply that same purple eye shadow onto
my eyelid make sure you apply that
purple eye shadow along the lower lash
line as well and then directly into the
crease I blend in an aqua eyeshadow and
then Oh directly above that aqua
eyeshadow I blend in a like pastel green
eyeshadow that I bring all the way up or
my brow bone now all the eyeshadows I'm
using are from my 120 eyeshadow palette
from BH Cosmetics
moving on to the face paint I mix Wolf's
white and purple face paint together to
create a lilac color that I used to
paint on some eye designs so I create a
triangle above each eye and then upside
down triangle below each eye and then I
also use that face paint to cover up my
brows and create just another little
design now I paint a bunch of dots
wherever I felt like it so mainly below
my eyes around my temples and above the
brows I mixed a bunch of face paints
together to create the colors I wanted
all the paints I used are from eye
Wolf's 12 hydro color appetizer palette
and it's the essential palette if you
want to know exactly what face paints I
mixed together to get which colors just
look in the description box below there
will be a complete list of that as well
as a complete list of all the products
that I use but mainly the colors I mixed
together was like pink with white orange
with white green with white to get those
light pastel colors
for the dots on the temple I just used
Wolf's blue red yellow and green face
paints I didn't do any mixing there I
chose to apply the darker colors to just
the temple because I wanted the look to
be mainly light colors but I wanted
there to be colors and eye makeup that
match the colors in my costume I chose
to paint my nose pink to keep it the
whole cute theme I first painted a baby
pink circle to the tip of my nose and
then used a pink eye shadow to shade
around the nose then I just drew a
little white line going around the nose
to bring some dimension to the clown
though I wanted there to be a little bit
of color on the bottom part of my face
so I applied the orange eye shadow I
applied to my temple onto my chin into
the center of my forehead to balance it
out and I applied plenty of mascara to
my top and bottom lashes I use NYX
two-timer liquid eyeliner to line my
lashline and to draw on some lower
lashes and I drew them like a little
clown it's just on the outer corner and
then I apply fake eyelashes to give me
those Dowell eyes like big frightened
owl eyes now for the lips I use NYX lip
liner in dow pink to outline and fill in
my lips you can just use face paint to
do this problem is if you drink anything
the face paint will run off so it's nice
to have that lip liner as a base so if
the face paint does run there is still
color on your lip I then use the pink
face paint to outline my lips I do
outside of my natural lip line and
extend it a line past the outer corner
of each lip to give me the usual
over-exaggerated clown lip I use the
white face paint to draw a white line on
the top and bottom lip this gives it a
cartoony effect and I made sure I blend
it the white out so it wasn't so white I
did the same thing to the purple designs
just added a few white strong strokes
here and there
and you're finished I hope you guys
enjoy the tutorial please give the video
a thumbs up if you want to see more
Halloween tutorials and remember to
check out buy costumes calm and while
you're at it follow them on all their
social media sites for sale updates and
coupon codes because I saw few coupon
codes so I will let the tutorial end and
I will see you guys tomorrow with
another tutorial take care bye